Refactor Astria overview and components sections (#59)
astriaorg/docs: docs/overview/components/conductor.md

Reviewer: IMO the verification section should distinguish between soft and firm commitments. Verification of soft commitments here is implicit in that conductor connects to a fully trusted sequencer node.

Firm commitments on the other hand are explicit, using the same fully trusted sequencer node.

# The Astria Conductor

The Conductor can be thought of as the consensus implementation of a rollup full
node, similar to op-node within the OP Stack. The conductor is run as one half

> on a rollup full node, where the other half is the execution engine. Its role is

Reviewer: ```
Conductor is the counterpart to the execution engine, which taken together make up a full rollup node.

> to connect the sequencer and DA layers to the rollup execution layer by deriving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to connect the sequencer and data availability layers to the rollup execution layer by deriving
```

> the relevant rollup transactions for each block and passing them to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the transactions belonging to the rollup node from each sequencer block, and forwarding them to the
```

execution layer.

The conductor’s flow looks like:

> ![Astria Conductor](../assets/astria-conductor.png)

Reviewer: I'd write out DA Layer in the big orange box to the right

Author: removing this diagram for now

> For each sequencer block, parse the relevant rollup data it needs validate the

Reviewer: I think `extract` fits better than `parse`
